Astro CLI 1.7 Release Notes and New Docs (#1432)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-organization-list.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro organization list"
title: "astro organization list"
id: astro-organization-list
description: Reference documentation for astro organization list.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<<<<<< HEAD
```
Should this be here?

> View a list of Organizations that you have access to. An Organization will appear on this list if you were invited to it by a System Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a list of Organizations that you can access. Only the Organizations you have been invited to by a System Admin appear on this list.
```

> =======

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
